oh my god 200,000 subscribers we had
that yesterday extremely excited about
it so for everybody who's been with us
on this journey so far we'd like to
thank you from the bottom of our heart
and for everybody who just joined us
recently welcome welcome to the s3 Sam a
few things I want to address today the
first thing is for everybody who make
submissions for becoming the fifth yes
be remembers were they we are currently
going through the emails we received
about over 2,000 of them and right now
we're going through them if you don't
know what I'm talking about
go watch this video all right the second
thing about 18 months ago we were
virtually broke and if it wasn't for
that generosity of our friend Andrea who
helped us produce project 30 and let us
slip out of in-house I personally don't
think we would concede making videos and
be where we are today and in the spirits
of our friend hunger is generosity we
want to help jump start someone's
creative career just like Andrea did
with us we bought this camera about a
year ago and we never really used it
that much we want to give this camera
away it is a Sony rx100 mark for one of
the best points in the market about $850
shoots in 4k blah blah all right how do
you enter to win we want you first of
all to be subscribed on the channel very
important you got to go to Instagram
follow us and we're going to post a
giveaway photo on Instagram and just all
what we want you to do is go comment a
one-liner what you would do with this
camera if you have it right now we're at
20,000 followers on Instagram we're
hoping to reach 25 so once we reach that
we will announce the winner on Instagram
if you or someone you know would need
this camera please let us know and we
would be more than happy to look through
all the all your submissions and give it
to someone who we feel would put it in
good use alright and after that what is
the first thing Oh
the title of the video the coolest gifts
we've ever gone so two days ago actually
let's just I'll take you there
besides the giveaway something something
really cool is happening in the backyard
right now we got an email about a month
ago from one of our viewers for cents
you want to make a painting of us and
come deliver it definitely because he
was coming on a trip so you're here
right now
we're waiting for him to reveal the same
thing how'd you hear about it and we're
all
okay so hey guys my name is Herman I'm
from Orlando or joining from Columbia
and one day I was browsing Reddit and
then it came up like I'm the feed guess
I've gone to Europe and you use nothing
but tinder and I thought that was like
such a great console because I had just
started like using tinder okay I was
like oh I really want to start traveling
and then the nikon so it was just like
pretty cool and then from that video i
started just going back through all the
videos i hit you guys have done it we
pretty good and then I started just
following guys subscribing her sister
over there commissioned me to do a
painting for her dog and I actually did
and it was like pretty big I was like
hey I really like doing this so then I
start just doing like a lot of
large-scale painting and then I figured
I'll do something for you guys that's
always oh my god oh yeah that's a few
remind the artist whatever you guys are
ready there yeah oh my god that's a good
one
this is crazy and this is actually one
of like my favorite photos I'll say
something funny - oh yeah
that is definitely going up in the
backyard oh my god so actually this this
photo there was someone in the middle
here and then I have to cross I cropped
that person out so that we no way so I
like in the photo itself you see like
you like learn yeah i'll urban ground
laughing there
that's the credit that is so good this
week really oh yeah that was an amazing
gift definitely the coolest gift forever
gone actually about that if you want to
send us stuff with shameless but even
letters or like anything that we love
receiving like physical packages yeah I
didn't mean like gift actually letters
or anything you want to send it will
leave the address where you can send the
stuff in the description and again
welcome to everybody you take for again
welcome to everybody who joined us in
the past month or so you're watching
right now and you're not subscribed
please do that which are not we're
trying to get to a million by the end of
the year and we are one fifth of the way
there yeah see you on what Oh Saturday
that's going to be an amazing video we
just put a lot of like loves and effort
into it and we're always just stoked to
show me wrong yeah let's go
[Music]